hello my name is Steven and today I'm
going to talk about Good Will Hunting 20
year old Will Hunting of South Boston is
a self-taught genius though he works as
a janitor at MIT and spends his free
time drinking with his friends
Chucky Billy and Morgan when Professor
Gerald Lambeau posts a difficult
mathematics problem as a challenge for
his graduate students will solves the
problem anonymously stunning both the
students and Lambeau as a challenge to
the unknown genius Lambeau posts an even
more difficult problem will flees when
Lambeau catches him riding the solution
on the blackboard late at night at a bar
we'll meet Skylar a British woman about
to graduate from Harvard College who
plans on attending medical school at
Stanford
the next day Will and his friends fight
a gang who used to bully will as a child
bull is arrested after he attacks a
responding police officer Lambeau sits
in on his court appearance and watches
will defend himself he arranges for him
to forego jail time if he agrees to
study mathematics under Lambos
supervision and participate in therapy
sessions will tentatively agrees but
treats his therapists with mockery in
desperation Lambeau calls on dr. Shawn
Maguire his college roommate who now
teaches psychology at Bunker Hill
Community College unlike other
therapists Shawn actually challenges
wills defense mechanisms and after the
first session where Shawn threatens will
after he insults his deceased wife and a
few unproductive sessions will begins to
open up will is particularly struck by
Shawn's story of how he met his wife by
giving up his ticket to the historic
Game six of the 1975 World Series after
falling in love at first sight Shawn
does not regret his decision even though
his wife died of cancer this encourages
will to build a relationship with Skylar
though he lies to her about his past and
is reluctant to introduce her to his
friends or show her his rundown
neighborhood
we'll also challenges Shawn to take an
objective look at his own life since
Shawn cannot move on from his wife's
death Lambeau sets up a number of job
interviews for will but will scorns them
by sending Chucky as his chief
negotiator and by turning down a
position at the NSA with a scathing
critique of the agency morale position
Schuyler asks will to move to California
with her but he refuses and tells her he
is an orphan and that his foster father
physically abused him will breaks up
with Skylar and later storms out on
Lambor dismissing the mathematical
research he has been doing Shawn points
out that wool is so adept at
anticipating future failure in his
interpersonal relationships that he
deliberately sabotages them in order to
avoid emotional pain Chucky likewise
challenges will over his resistance to
taking any of the positions he
interviews for telling will he owes it
to his friends to make the most of
opportunities they will never have even
if it means leaving one day without
looking back he then tells well that the
best part of his day is a brief moment
when he waits on his doorstep thinking
will has moved on to something greater
will walks in on a heated argument
between Sean and Lambeau over his
potential Shawn and will share and find
out that they were both victims of child
abuse
Shawn helps will to see that he is a
victim of his own inner demons and to
accept that it is not his fault causing
him to break down in tears will accepts
one of the job offers arranged by
Lambert having helped will overcome his
problems
Shawn reconciles with Lambert and
decides to take a sabbatical
when wills friends present him with a
rebuilt Chevrolet Nova for his 21st
birthday he decides to pass on the job
offer and drive to California to reunite
with Skylar sometime later Chuck he goes
to Will's house to pick him up only to
find that he is not there much to his
happiness thank you all for watching
don't forget to subscribe and hit the
bell notification for more of these
videos
[Music]